oh ho all that sucks he picked up he
fixed a bug or exploit I guess that you
could put stuff into crafting their
leave it there smiley just fall out darn
well it's a good thing alright so I
don't know what happened i think fraps
excluded because it was still recording
even when i shut down the game and all
my sounds weren't working itunes didn't
know what the heck was going to go on it
wouldn't even play a song because
couldn't find the audio so i resorted my
computer in all words find out so
hopefully ill never again but yeah
there's a select the first team to
skeleton sleeps running adding the same
time too long or the other one go he
disappeared the other one just that one
decided to come down after meanwhile get
once appeared are you guys up here still
oh there's something like you oh there
they are both of them really oh shoot
each other shoot each other for thur
pump some runs it all back up back up to
each other are you missing each other
entirely really understand I hit you Wow
bad shots all right boom Oh willow USB
you okay come now sign anything up here
just going right way let's go over there
definitely get closer what auto is
suspended above me come on spotter we're
gonna do hey don't job geez what was
that why did I decide to jump bother
hotpoint you like it no but I c'mere I
got hit with my fake I'm sorry don't
waste my pic come here I think I'm still
safe to take that out okay we're set
speak up it's almost daytime same thing
familiar really Oh bunch that it's not
my house
as we're gonna try to go oh I bet you
that's my portal oh this is that cave I
saw last time this is just strange
coincidence is going on all right let's
render the portal nope something's
behind me Boston spiders that's not your
features that is full of zombies okay
okay to have this we're so good running
a wee little sort of all goddess right
good about y'all Joe Joe Joe alright see
it is my portal okay come back there's
no way I'm gonna uh oh boy oh boy backe
demons they can't get me on the other
side creeper creeper oh hey you for
saving me sweet except for that it okay
no creeper no skeleton oh they get an
entry good Oh what's the easiest way to
get back there don't think there is an
easy way alright so let's more stuff
what are you doing there I mean I was
really weird loud noise right near next
leader what are you doing here oh my
gosh that's attacking me my quick me
back to the whole way
why was he there